Please find yourself. It's time to start our graduation program.
We never dreamed this would happen.
This is a very special day. All of us have been anxiously waiting for. We're happy to see
all of you.
It all started a few years ago.
If you'd like to have the circuit over here and is white for a meal, please see.
It was during that visit and this question.
This theme on Tuesday is, what lessons can we learn from Philip, the evangelizer?
What could we learn from Philip? Honestly, we were already busy with the right things.
Lily and the girls helped out wherever they could. I worked on Kingdom Hall maintenance
projects and we had a regular schedule for the ministry. But like in a lot of places,
when someone showed interest, it was tough to find them again. I wondered if our spiritual
routine needed an update. Looking forward to that talk, I decided we'd research Philip
for Family Worship, Acts 6. Philip was one of seven brothers selected to distribute
food to Christian widows in Jerusalem. That was an important assignment. He did so much
more than that.
This is interesting. Because of the persecution, Philip had to flee from Jerusalem to Samaria.
Samaria hadn't accepted the word of Jehovah yet, but Philip saw that trial as a spiritual
opportunity. Samaria was largely untouched by the preaching work. Philip declared the
good news sell asleep and many believed and got baptized. Some time later, an angel spoke
with him. He told Philip to get up and go to the south. That led him to find the Ethiopian
unique and preach in other cities. Philip was willing to serve wherever there was
a need. And he always kept that evangelizing spirit. Some 20 years later, he was still
known as the evangelizer. By that time, his life had changed. He was a family man with
four daughters. But that didn't stop him from showing hospitality when Paul and his
companions came to visit. Visits like that must have been full of spiritual lessons for
his daughters. That night, we came up with a few things we wanted to do. We started
by having the circuit over here to lunch. We had it made time for that in a while.
Alex and Carla's experiences made the girls excited to reach their own spiritual goals.
But like Philip, changes came that we didn't expect. I was out of work for a few months.
It was a stressful time. But also a spiritual opportunity. I could visit people at different
times of the day. We tried to make the most of the situation and preach zealously.
Like Philip, in here we are. Watching our girls graduate from the school for Kingdom
evangelizers. Those few lessons made a big difference for this family of evangelizers.